README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  
# <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/74038190/213844263-a8897a51-32f4-4b3b-b5c2-e1528b89f6f3.png" width="50px" /> &nbsp; 𝘼𝙪𝙩𝙤 𝙁𝙞𝙡𝙩𝙚𝙧 𝘽𝙤𝙩 &nbsp; <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/74038190/213844263-a8897a51-32f4-4b3b-b5c2-e1528b89f6f3.png" width="50px" />

</div>


## 𝐹𝑒𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑒𝑠
- [x] 𝐼𝑀𝐷𝐵 𝑇𝑒𝑚𝑝𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝑆𝑒𝑡
- [x] 𝑂𝑛𝑙𝑖𝑛𝑒 𝑠𝑡𝑟𝑒𝑎𝑚 𝑎𝑛𝑑 𝑑𝑜𝑤𝑛𝑙𝑜𝑎𝑑
- [x] 𝑉𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑓𝑖𝑐𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑚𝑒𝑡ℎ𝑜𝑑
- [x] 𝐹𝑖𝑙𝑒 𝑐𝑎𝑝𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑠𝑒𝑡
- [x] 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑒𝑠 𝐹𝑖𝑙𝑒𝑠 𝑎𝑏𝑜𝑣𝑒 4𝐺𝐵
- [x] 𝑆𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑖𝑐 𝑓𝑖𝑙𝑒𝑠 𝐷𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑡𝑒 𝑀𝑜𝑑𝑒
- [x] 𝑆𝑒𝑡𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑠 𝑀𝑒𝑛𝑢
- [x] 𝑀𝑢𝑙𝑡𝑖𝑝𝑙𝑒 𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑐𝑒 𝑆𝑢𝑏𝑠𝑐𝑟𝑖𝑝𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛
- [x] 𝑊𝑒𝑙𝑐𝑜𝑚𝑒 𝑀𝑒𝑠𝑠𝑎𝑔𝑒 𝑆𝑒𝑡
- [x] 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑙𝑖𝑛𝑘 𝑠𝑢𝑝𝑝𝑜𝑟𝑡
- [x] 𝐴𝑢𝑡𝑜𝑚𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑐 𝐹𝑖𝑙𝑒 𝐹𝑖𝑙𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑛𝑔
- [x] 𝐹𝑖𝑙𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑜𝑡𝑒𝑐𝑡
- [x] 𝑈𝑠𝑒𝑟 𝐵𝑟𝑜𝑎𝑑𝑐𝑎𝑠𝑡
- [x] 𝐺𝑟𝑜𝑢𝑝 𝐵𝑟𝑜𝑎𝑑𝑐𝑎𝑠𝑡
- [x] 𝐼𝑛𝑙𝑖𝑛𝑒 𝑆𝑒𝑎𝑟𝑐ℎ
- [x] 𝑅𝑎𝑛𝑑𝑜𝑚 𝑝𝑖𝑐𝑠
- [x] 𝐵𝑜𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑡𝑠
- [x] 𝑆𝑝𝑒𝑙𝑙𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝐶ℎ𝑒𝑐𝑘 𝐹𝑒𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑒
- [x] 𝐴𝑢𝑡𝑜 𝐷𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑡𝑒
- [x] 𝐴𝑛𝑑 𝑀𝑜𝑟𝑒...

## 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑑𝑠
```
• /start - to check bot alive or not.
• /index_channels - to check how many index channel id added.
• /stats - to get bot status.
• /ping - view bot's ping (latency)
• /gofile - upload file to gofile.io
• /settings - to change group settings as your wish.
• /set_template - to set custom imdb template.
• /set_caption - to set custom bot files caption.
• /set_shortlink - group admin can set custom shortlink.
• /get_custom_settings - to get your group settings details.
• /set_welcome - to set custom new joined users welcome message for group.
• /delete - to delete files using query.
• /delete_all - to delete all indexed file.
• /broadcast - to send message to all bot users.
• /grp_broadcast - to send message to all groups.
• /pin_broadcast - to send message as pin to all bot users.
• /pin_grp_broadcast - to send message as pin to all groups.
• /restart - to restart bot.
• /set_tutorial - to set custom tutorial link in result page button.
• /id - to check group or channel id.
• /leave - to leave your bot from particular group.
• /unban_grp - to enable group.
• /ban_grp - to disable group.
• /ban_user - to ban a users from bot.
• /unban_user - to unban a users from bot.
• /users - to get all users details.
• /chats - to get all groups.
• /invite_link - to generate invite link.
• /index - to index bot accessible channels.
• /set_fsub - to set force subscribe channel.
• /remove_fsub - to remove force subscribe channel.
```

## Variables
### Required Variables
* `BOT_TOKEN`: Create a bot using [@BotFather](https://telegram.dog/BotFather), and get the Telegram API token.
* `API_ID`: Get this value from [telegram.org](https://my.telegram.org/apps)
* `API_HASH`: Get this value from [telegram.org](https://my.telegram.org/apps)
* `ADMINS`: ID of Admins. (Multiple admins can be used separated by space)
* `FILES_DATABASE_URL`: MongoDB URL for 1st files database. Get this value from [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com). For more help watch this [video](https://youtu.be/1G1XwEOnxxo)
* `DATA_DATABASE_URL`: for save user, group, etc data.
* `LOG_CHANNEL` : A channel to log the activities of bot. add channel id and Make sure bot is an admin in the channel.
* `SUPPORT_GROUP`: Add your support group id
* `BIN_CHANNEL`: A channel to the stream and download feature, add channel id and make bot admin in channel.
* `URL`: Add you deployed bot app link or vps IP address
### Optional Variables
* `AUTH_CHANNEL`: ID of force subscribe channels (Multiple channels can be used separated by space)
* `INDEX_CHANNELS`: Username or ID of your files channels (Multiple channels can be used separated by space)
* `LANGUAGES`: Language of your bot search (Multiple languages can be used separated by space)
* Check [info.py](https://github.com/HA-Bots/Auto-Filter-Bot/blob/main/info.py) for more optional variables


## Deploy
<details><summary>Deploy To Heroku</summary>

[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://www.heroku.com/deploy)

</details>

<details><summary>Deploy To Koyeb</summary>

[![Deploy to Koyeb](https://www.koyeb.com/static/images/deploy/button.svg)](https://app.koyeb.com/deploy?type=git&builder=dockerfile&repository=https://github.com/HA-Bots/Auto-Filter-Bot)

</details>

<details><summary>Deploy To Render</summary>

[![Deploy to Render](https://render.com/images/deploy-to-render-button.svg)](https://render.com/deploy)

</details>

<details><summary>Deploy To VPS</summary>

1. Run the following command to ensure your system is up to date:
```
sudo apt update && sudo apt upgrade -y
```
2. If Docker is not already installed, install it using:
```
sudo apt install docker.io -y
```
3. Verify the installation:
```
docker --version
```
4. Ensure Docker starts on boot and is running:
```
sudo systemctl enable docker
sudo systemctl start docker
```
5. Clone this repository (also you can upload manually repo to your VPS):
```
git clone https://github.com/HA-Bots/Auto-Filter-Bot
cd Auto-Filter-Bot
```
6. Navigate to your bot directory and build the Docker image:
```
sudo docker build -t auto-filter-bot .
```
7. Once the image is built, start the container:
```
sudo docker run -d -p 80:80 --name Auto-Filter-Bot auto-filter-bot
```
8. Verify that the bot is running:
```
sudo docker ps
```
9. If the bot crashes or needs to restart:
```
sudo docker restart Auto-Filter-Bot
```
10. If something is not working, check logs:
```
sudo docker logs Auto-Filter-Bot
```

</details>

## Support
* [![Support](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Support&message=Group&color=critical)](https://t.me/HA_Bots_Support)
* [![Updates](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Updates&message=Channel&color=critical)](https://t.me/HA_Bots)

## Credits 
* [![EvaMaria](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=EvaMaria&message=Developers&color=critical)](https://t.me/TeamEvamaria)
* [![Hansaka](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Hansaka&message=TG&color=critical)](https://t.me/Hansaka_Anuhas)

## Thanks To
* [Hydrogram](https://github.com/hydrogram/hydrogram) For Telegram MTProto API Framework
* [Contributors](https://github.com/HA-Bots/Auto-Filter-Bot/graphs/contributors) For free helps
* And to everyone who helped

## Note
* Importing this repo instead of forking is strictly prohibited, Kindly fork and edit as your wish. Must Give Credits for [developer(s)](https://t.me/HA_Bots)
* If you find any bugs or errors, [report](https://t.me/HA_Bots_Support) it

## Disclaimer
[![GNU General Public License v3.0](https://www.gnu.org/graphics/gplv3-with-text-136x68.png)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.en.html#header)  

* Licensed under [GNU AGPL v3.0](https://github.com/HA-Bots/Auto-Filter-Bot/blob/main/LICENSE)
Selling The Codes To Other People For Money Is *Strictly Prohibited*.

Commit message:

modified `/img_2_link` command fix inline fsub issue

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  
# <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/74038190/213844263-a8897a51-32f4-4b3b-b5c2-e1528b89f6f3.png" width="50px" /> &nbsp; 𝘼𝙪𝙩𝙤 𝙁𝙞𝙡𝙩𝙚𝙧 𝘽𝙤𝙩 &nbsp; <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/74038190/213844263-a8897a51-32f4-4b3b-b5c2-e1528b89f6f3.png" width="50px" />

</div>


## 𝐹𝑒𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑒𝑠
- [x] 𝐼𝑀𝐷𝐵 𝑇𝑒𝑚𝑝𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝑆𝑒𝑡
- [x] 𝑂𝑛𝑙𝑖𝑛𝑒 𝑠𝑡𝑟𝑒𝑎𝑚 𝑎𝑛𝑑 𝑑𝑜𝑤𝑛𝑙𝑜𝑎𝑑
- [x] 𝑉𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑓𝑖𝑐𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑚𝑒𝑡ℎ𝑜𝑑
- [x] 𝐹𝑖𝑙𝑒 𝑐𝑎𝑝𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑠𝑒𝑡
- [x] 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑒𝑠 𝐹𝑖𝑙𝑒𝑠 𝑎𝑏𝑜𝑣𝑒 4𝐺𝐵
- [x] 𝑆𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑖𝑐 𝑓𝑖𝑙𝑒𝑠 𝐷𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑡𝑒 𝑀𝑜𝑑𝑒
- [x] 𝑆𝑒𝑡𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑠 𝑀𝑒𝑛𝑢
- [x] 𝑀𝑢𝑙𝑡𝑖𝑝𝑙𝑒 𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑐𝑒 𝑆𝑢𝑏𝑠𝑐𝑟𝑖𝑝𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛
- [x] 𝑊𝑒𝑙𝑐𝑜𝑚𝑒 𝑀𝑒𝑠𝑠𝑎𝑔𝑒 𝑆𝑒𝑡
- [x] 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑙𝑖𝑛𝑘 𝑠𝑢𝑝𝑝𝑜𝑟𝑡
- [x] 𝐴𝑢𝑡𝑜𝑚𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑐 𝐹𝑖𝑙𝑒 𝐹𝑖𝑙𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑛𝑔
- [x] 𝐹𝑖𝑙𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑜𝑡𝑒𝑐𝑡
- [x] 𝑈𝑠𝑒𝑟 𝐵𝑟𝑜𝑎𝑑𝑐𝑎𝑠𝑡
- [x] 𝐺𝑟𝑜𝑢𝑝 𝐵𝑟𝑜𝑎𝑑𝑐𝑎𝑠𝑡
- [x] 𝐼𝑛𝑙𝑖𝑛𝑒 𝑆𝑒𝑎𝑟𝑐ℎ
- [x] 𝑅𝑎𝑛𝑑𝑜𝑚 𝑝𝑖𝑐𝑠
- [x] 𝐵𝑜𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑡𝑠
- [x] 𝑆𝑝𝑒𝑙𝑙𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝐶ℎ𝑒𝑐𝑘 𝐹𝑒𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑒
- [x] 𝐴𝑢𝑡𝑜 𝐷𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑡𝑒
- [x] 𝐴𝑛𝑑 𝑀𝑜𝑟𝑒...

## 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑑𝑠
```
• /start - to check bot alive or not.
• /index_channels - to check how many index channel id added.
• /stats - to get bot status.
• /ping - view bot's ping (latency)
• /img_2_link - upload image to uguu.se and get link
• /settings - to change group settings as your wish.
• /set_template - to set custom imdb template.
• /set_caption - to set custom bot files caption.
• /set_shortlink - group admin can set custom shortlink.
• /get_custom_settings - to get your group settings details.
• /set_welcome - to set custom new joined users welcome message for group.
• /delete - to delete files using query.
• /delete_all - to delete all indexed file.
• /broadcast - to send message to all bot users.
• /grp_broadcast - to send message to all groups.
• /pin_broadcast - to send message as pin to all bot users.
• /pin_grp_broadcast - to send message as pin to all groups.
• /restart - to restart bot.
• /set_tutorial - to set custom tutorial link in result page button.
• /id - to check group or channel id.
• /leave - to leave your bot from particular group.
• /unban_grp - to enable group.
• /ban_grp - to disable group.
• /ban_user - to ban a users from bot.
• /unban_user - to unban a users from bot.
• /users - to get all users details.
• /chats - to get all groups.
• /invite_link - to generate invite link.
• /index - to index bot accessible channels.
• /set_fsub - to set force subscribe channel.
• /remove_fsub - to remove force subscribe channel.
```

## Variables
### Required Variables
* `BOT_TOKEN`: Create a bot using [@BotFather](https://telegram.dog/BotFather), and get the Telegram API token.
* `API_ID`: Get this value from [telegram.org](https://my.telegram.org/apps)
* `API_HASH`: Get this value from [telegram.org](https://my.telegram.org/apps)
* `ADMINS`: ID of Admins. (Multiple admins can be used separated by space)
* `FILES_DATABASE_URL`: MongoDB URL for 1st files database. Get this value from [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com). For more help watch this [video](https://youtu.be/1G1XwEOnxxo)
* `DATA_DATABASE_URL`: for save user, group, etc data.
* `LOG_CHANNEL` : A channel to log the activities of bot. add channel id and Make sure bot is an admin in the channel.
* `SUPPORT_GROUP`: Add your support group id
* `BIN_CHANNEL`: A channel to the stream and download feature, add channel id and make bot admin in channel.
* `URL`: Add you deployed bot app link or vps IP address
### Optional Variables
* `AUTH_CHANNEL`: ID of force subscribe channels (Multiple channels can be used separated by space)
* `INDEX_CHANNELS`: Username or ID of your files channels (Multiple channels can be used separated by space)
* `LANGUAGES`: Language of your bot search (Multiple languages can be used separated by space)
* Check [info.py](https://github.com/HA-Bots/Auto-Filter-Bot/blob/main/info.py) for more optional variables


## Deploy
<details><summary>Deploy To Heroku</summary>

[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://www.heroku.com/deploy)

</details>

<details><summary>Deploy To Koyeb</summary>

[![Deploy to Koyeb](https://www.koyeb.com/static/images/deploy/button.svg)](https://app.koyeb.com/deploy?type=git&builder=dockerfile&repository=https://github.com/HA-Bots/Auto-Filter-Bot)

</details>

<details><summary>Deploy To Render</summary>

[![Deploy to Render](https://render.com/images/deploy-to-render-button.svg)](https://render.com/deploy)

</details>

<details><summary>Deploy To VPS</summary>

1. Run the following command to ensure your system is up to date:
```
sudo apt update && sudo apt upgrade -y
```
2. If Docker is not already installed, install it using:
```
sudo apt install docker.io -y
```
3. Verify the installation:
```
docker --version
```
4. Ensure Docker starts on boot and is running:
```
sudo systemctl enable docker
sudo systemctl start docker
```
5. Clone this repository (also you can upload manually repo to your VPS):
```
git clone https://github.com/HA-Bots/Auto-Filter-Bot
cd Auto-Filter-Bot
```
6. Navigate to your bot directory and build the Docker image:
```
sudo docker build -t auto-filter-bot .
```
7. Once the image is built, start the container:
```
sudo docker run -d -p 80:80 --name Auto-Filter-Bot auto-filter-bot
```
8. Verify that the bot is running:
```
sudo docker ps
```
9. If the bot crashes or needs to restart:
```
sudo docker restart Auto-Filter-Bot
```
10. If something is not working, check logs:
```
sudo docker logs Auto-Filter-Bot
```

</details>

## Support
* [![Support](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Support&message=Group&color=critical)](https://t.me/HA_Bots_Support)
* [![Updates](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Updates&message=Channel&color=critical)](https://t.me/HA_Bots)

## Credits 
* [![EvaMaria](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=EvaMaria&message=Developers&color=critical)](https://t.me/TeamEvamaria)
* [![Hansaka](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Hansaka&message=TG&color=critical)](https://t.me/Hansaka_Anuhas)

## Thanks To
* [Hydrogram](https://github.com/hydrogram/hydrogram) For Telegram MTProto API Framework
* [Contributors](https://github.com/HA-Bots/Auto-Filter-Bot/graphs/contributors) For free helps
* And to everyone who helped

## Note
* Importing this repo instead of forking is strictly prohibited, Kindly fork and edit as your wish. Must Give Credits for [developer(s)](https://t.me/HA_Bots)
* If you find any bugs or errors, [report](https://t.me/HA_Bots_Support) it

## Disclaimer
[![GNU General Public License v3.0](https://www.gnu.org/graphics/gplv3-with-text-136x68.png)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.en.html#header)  

* Licensed under [GNU AGPL v3.0](https://github.com/HA-Bots/Auto-Filter-Bot/blob/main/LICENSE)
Selling The Codes To Other People For Money Is *Strictly Prohibited*.
